I keep the hat no wind it looks perfect
we're gonna set some records today I
feel a dissatisfaction for action it's
time for some fun today I want to set a
world record on wingtip drag hopefully
it's perfectly smooth so I can get some
nice wingtip drags going at the
motorcycle leathers got mini pucks
I'm ready to drag some knee here we go
flat top 200 super this is the ultimate
para motor I've tried them all and
there's nothing as good as a 200 super
this thing is this it's the stuff got
crumple zone under your butt got netting
that doesn't flex into the propeller
skid plates up in the front so you can't
get face-planted just so many different
safety features on the 200 super there
we go